OSDOCS-17161-2:(CQA) APP-2: Deployments - Attachment3 (#117477)
openshift/openshift-docs: applications/deployments/managing-deployment-processes.adoc

include::snippets/deployment-config-deprecated.adoc[]

> [role="_abstract"]
> `DeploymentConfig` objects can be managed from the {product-title} web console's *Workloads* page or using the `oc` CLI. The following procedures show CLI usage unless otherwise stated.

Reviewer: The _following procedures_ isn't relevant to the short desc. I wonder, too, if this would be better in the active voice? And, we can sneak in a fairly weak _why_ statement with _depending on your preference_.
```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You can manange `DeploymentConfig` objects from the {product-title} web console's *Workloads* page or by using the `oc` CLI, depending on your preference. 

The following procedures show CLI usage unless otherwise stated.
```
